everybody's Bob again one of our
favorite lizards Reposado already dwarf
monitor lizards the aki's the ridge
tails the yellow versions we have a
group and if you walk into the store as
soon as you walk in a big showcase fold
up one male and three females and we are
reading them so right now I think we
have eight eggs in the incubator and
most of the females are starting to look
the rabbit again multiple touches per
year but it doesn't get too big if you
look at you look at the size of these
guys very manageable size is an adult
you can see we're right in the palm of
your hand here beautiful they get super
puppy-dog team you can see this guy is
going anywhere long is that belly's a
fault they're pretty slow moving and
very easily handled when they're hungry
they are full of vim and vigor and they
will run like crazy until they get older
they get their bowels full bellies full
and slowed down a little bit but great
animals you know lived well in groups
drew back on them is very difficult to 6
as most people lighting heat this is an
animal requires a ton of heat so basking
spot over 120 degrees so probably close
to a hundred thirty under thirty five
the cool end probably around 90 so deep
substrate so tration consists of soil
and sand mixed you got some bark chips
in there you have a lot of different
stuff but they are diggers and borrowers
and I like the excavate the little tiles
and whatnot
mark he just done up above a full rock
so with a lot of rock and branches and
whatnot and look kind of looks like a
rocky outcrop in Australia where they
come from and they do very well on that
too and
under the main boulder is a large
nesting box that you use to for them to
would dig in and lay our eggs and when
the time is right they go right in there
on the night that boulder drop their
eggs and and do their business so it's
it's been it's been wonderful as a
second here breathing on this is uh
these guys are about two-and-a-half
closing in a three years old great
appetite you see they take great from
your fingertips and the tongs roaches
and crickets are the main diet they will
eat pinky mice they actually like pinky
mice we do not feed a ton of that to
them a little high in the way of protein
for them so they do better on an insect
diet these guys have already been fed
today and had each one probably ten
fifteen roaches so but they're still
going so great animal we do action we do
sell them they're a little bit pricey
but well worth it and a great addition
to your collection live probably about
15 years or so and they breed for you
know about five or six years of that so
excellent animal and you know check with
us back towards the end of the summer we
should have some captive born babies so
long